Néstor, how is the structure of the
sector from the perspective of the
concentration and fragmentation of
the different players?
It is a sector, although it does not
seem to the general consumer, it
is a sector that is enormously fragmented.
The players, at the global level,
do not have very large market accounts.
The Big ones?
The big even, now we will talk,
we can give, for example, the
market of your accessory,
we are talking about the fashion
market, at the global level
we are talking about billions of euros,
it is an astronomical figure and,
for example, Inditex, which
is the leader, sells 23.000,
this is a 1.5% and this is the
leader.
I am convinced that if
we ask people, anyone who
is not in the sector, who is not
an expert in the sector like you,
what is the percentage, the
market share of a competitor
like Inditex?
They say something very high.
Sure they tell you the 15, the
20, mostly depends on what geographic
area of the world, because the
world is very large, you ask, but
look, Inditex sells $23 billion,
the second player is HIM, around
$21 billion invoice, then you
have Fast Retailing, which
is Uniclaw, the most relevant
brand that people know
is Uniclaw, which
is around $17 billion.
Yes, Uniclaw is a beast, they are
Japanese and it is a beast in Asia,
then you have GAP, which was
advanced by Uniclaw recently,
around 16,000, it is that you
sum these and you are talking, that
they are say the biggest, you are
talking about a market share
around 4%, and the pragmas of this
world, which is now growing a lot,
I mention it because it is a
slightly different model, are at
6.000, 7.000 billion, with which
it is a market that is not
anything consolidated,
although in recent years there
is a certain tension of margins
and therefore a consolidation
of the market, it is still
a very fragmented market.